COMMON INTERVIEW QUESTIONS:
Behavioral: 
	- Remember to use the stars method (Situation, Task, Action, Results, self reflection)
	
	COMMUNICATION:
	1. Tell me about the most challenging situation that you have experienced, when you had to persuade someone to accept your point of view?

	2. Please describe a situation where you lead a cross-functional task force or project team.
	
	3. Please describe a situtation where you needed to convice a teammate to adopt a plan, stragegy, or POV.
	
	CUSTOMER EMPATHY:
	4. Describe the strategies you have used to gather information the increased your understanding of current future and consumer needs.
	
	5. Describe a time where you were involved in the resolution of a complaint from either an internal or an external customer.
	
	6. Tell me about a time you fell short of meeting a customer's needs.
	
	DETAILED DESIGN
	7. Tell me about the most unusual or creative idea that you've come up with.
	
	8. Tell me about a time you were assigned a project you had to complete very quickly, yet you did not have all the information you needed.
	
	COACHABILITY AND TEAMWORK:
	9. Describe a time when you worked on a challenging cross functional-team that produced an exceptional deliverable.
	
	10. Tell me about a time where you experienced conflict with a team member.
	
	SELF-CRITICALNESS:
	11. How would you have handled [experience] differently.
	
	12. How would you evaluate your performance in that area or project?
	
	DESIGN/UX INSTINCTS:
	13. Tell me about a product you like. Why do you like it?
		. What would you do to improve it?
		. You have three months to work on this project. What would you do first?
		. How would you quantify improvement?
		
	14. Imagine you had to build an elevator system for a tall building. How would you go about doing it?
		. Imagine you have less time now. How would you evaluate what to change?
		. How do you measure the success/failure of your design?
		
	DEALING WITH AMBIGUITY:
	15. Tell me about a time when you had to change your priorities in response to the demands changing of a situation.
	
	16. Describe a time when you had to complete a project in which you were provided with very little information or guidance.
	
	17. Describe a time when you proposed a major change in your work process or job duties. How did others respond to this proposal?
	
	PARTNERING / CONFLICT RESOLUTION:
	18. Describe how you've colaborated with others outside of your immediate team to resolve a critical issue.
	
	19. Tell me about a time where your attempt to collaborate across teams was unsuccessful.
	
	DRIVE FOR RESULTS:
	20. Tell me about a time where you removed an obstacle that interfered with your ability to complete a task effectively?
	
	21. What has been the most difficult task or assignment in your career so far?
	
	INFLUENCING FOR IMPACT:
	22. Describe a time when you had to persuade someone to complete a task, but had no formal authority over their work.
	
	PLANNING, ORGANIZING, AND EXECUTING:
	23. Tell me about a time when you aligned multiple stakeholders to achieve an objective.
	
	EXTRA:
	24. What [Company Name] product do you think has the most potential? Why?
	
	25. Where do you see yourself in your career's future? (Where do you see yourself in 5 years?)
	
	26. What are your skills? What are your weaknesses?
	
	
	MY TURN TO ASK QUESTIONS:
	What is your career path/ what do you do here at [Company Name]?
	
	Knowing what you currently know, what is a piece of advice that you would give your younger self?
	
	What is your most and least favorite part about working at [Company Name]?